Add intro text for Computations section (#90)
ACDguide/BigData: BigData/computations/computations-intro.md

# Large-scale data analysis

## Overview

> This section includes examples of common types of computations performed on large, climate datasets. We focus on the theory of how these computations are handled on chunked datasets when using tools like `Xarray` and `Dask`. We then provide examples of the specific functions that are often used to carry out each computation and, where possible, demonstrations of these tools in use.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This section includes examples of common types of computations performed on large climate datasets. We focus on the theory of how these computations are handled on chunked datasets when using tools like `xarray` and `dask`. We then provide examples of the specific functions that are often used to carry out each computation and, where possible, demonstrations of these tools in use.
```

Reviewer: I think libraries are lower case but ignore that if not! Also I removed a comma that I felt broke it up too much.

## How is analysis on large-scale data different from that on smaller datasets?

> Large datasets are often too big to load into RAM on the computer or server that you use to do your analysis. However, we often don't need to do a computation on the entire dataset. The previous section on large-scale climated data discussed how large datasets are typically saved in "chunks". Analysis on large-scale datasets also makes use of these chunks in order to apply computations only on the portion of the dataset needed for that particular calculation.

Reviewer: verify that the "previous section" really does cover chunking following restructure :)

Author: Very good point! I updated to just remove that language so we aren't stuck with any specific section ordering. I also added a link to that section.

> Large datasets are often too big to load into RAM on the computer or server that you use to do your analysis. However, we often don't need to do a computation on the entire dataset. The previous section on large-scale climated data discussed how large datasets are typically saved in "chunks". Analysis on large-scale datasets also makes use of these chunks in order to apply computations only on the portion of the dataset needed for that particular calculation.

Author: ```suggestion
Large datasets are often too big to load into RAM on the computer or server that you use to do your analysis. However, we often don't need to do a computation on the entire dataset. The [section on large-scale climate data](https://acdguide.github.io/BigData/data/data-netcdf.html) discusses how large datasets are typically saved in "chunks". Analysis on large-scale datasets also makes use of these chunks in order to apply computations only on the portion of the dataset needed for that particular calculation.
```
